2 girls 1 camp	2girls1camp@googlegroups.com	https://www.2girls1camp.com/	2 girls 1 camp is one of the silliest camps on playa! During the day time we're slinging slushies - The No.1 (Yellow) and The No.2 (Brown). Fiber-spiked for flow, booze-spiked for fun. Our signature event- traditional coconut oil wrestling at the Center Camp Oculus. Come prepared to connect deep while laughing your face off	32	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	"Campers typically:
* Work a slushie shift
* Support one wrestling event
* Take one kitchen crew day
* Participate in strike"	$550	No	NYC, SF Bay Area	
A Shack of Sit	bryce.stockwell@gmail.com	https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfCNqXlaHwZhwJRA7Y_636xJGnx1K438p131TJeSrJh0fKdiQ/viewform?usp=sharing&ouid=116465642237468106210	Where sit happens! Come party with the smarties at Burning Man's only Mensa-affiliated camp. We offer a rest stop for wayward burners with water, electrolytes, shade, and activities. A Shack of Sit has excellent placement this year and we have room for more campers.	We're aiming for 30-35	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Our campers have shifts maintaining the Shack, preparing meals, and running events. Everyone that is able helps during tear down.	$500-600, which goes to food, water, grey water, trailer storage, logistics, and infrastructure improvements.	Maybe	We are from all over, our leadership is in Los Angeles, Fort Collins CO, and Rochester NY.	
AAA Astro accessible arcade 	Shine@dawncollective.org		https://www.dawncollective.org/	60	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Assist with arcade games 	$750 camp infrastructure 	Yes	San Jose 	
AdramaNation	AdramaNation@gmail.com	AdramaNation.com	AdramaNation is a diverse camp focusing on a drama free, meaningful, interactive and fun- filled burn. We are an old-school , easy going camp that gifts delicious delicacies, cheeky cocktails, mocktails, and a hydration station.  Our drama dump offers  a safe space for people to leave their drama and to relax in a soft, pillow laden space.  	No more than 35	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	We believe in the ten principles and expect our campmates to as well.  All campmates are required to strike camp.  Every camp mate is required to take one breakfast shift in addition to two additional hours of either cooking or bar interactivity during the week.  Everyone looks for moop daily.  We aren't your mom, so you will need to clean up after yourself.  Be nice or leave!  We are a no drama zone.  	$310 - kitchen, shade, shower, art car	No	New Orleans, Seattle, Dallas, Tiajuana, Orlando, Tahoe	
Alternative Energy Zone “AEZ”	aez@nometer.com	www.aez.green	We are big on helping you burn without a generator. We can help you design a solar system. You can have your own space. Easy in and out. We have a tall tower to help you navigate back to camp. No Dues required. LBGTQ safe space. We have WiFi at town hall with mister fans. Kids welcome. Basically, Radical Inclusion! There is a link on the web site to sign up to camp with us:)	Up to 400	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Leave no trace. No dues required. We do have offerings you can volunteer at, but not required. 	Donations are welcome. It goes toward infrastructure. We feel like, if it’s your first time with us, see if you like it. If you feel inspired by the AEZ, then consider a donation next year.	No	Reno, Phoenix, Sacramento, Bay Area, Ashland, Portland, Seattle, Berlin	
Amazone Camp	felipe@burningman.org		We are the first Brazilian Camp at Burning Man. We brought the first 3 Brazilian art pieces and produced the first Brazilian doc about the event. today we are a multicultural camp, with a population coming form over 15 countries. We take the Burner Culture very seriously. We love to party, but we are not your party camp. For us community comes first. Participation is the main principle for us and we expect all campers to get involved and engage. We offer an exceptional acculturation protocol for our campers, Perfect for who is coming for the first time. 	100	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Our camp is organized in 14 different ares (or "departments"). Population get involved in structural activites (power grid, water management, LNT management, build, strike, cooking) and also in more social (hosting, organizing ceremonies, signage, serving pizza and tending our bar)	U$ 1.333	Yes	Porto Alegre, Belo Horizonte, Ro de Janeiro, São Paulo, Oakland, San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York, Las Vegas, Paris, Genebra, Brussels	
And Then There's Only LOVE (Orgy Dome)	info@consensuality.net	https://www.andthentheresonlylove.com/	And Then There's Only LOVE is home to the world famous Orgy Dome. We provide a safer, consent-oriented and air conditioned space to explore adult-themed play. We have a strong camper culture and daily camper events for interacting socially. We celebrate and encourage diversity in all forms.	100	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Three 3-4 hour shifts in camp and the Dome, help with strike.	$500 - toward communal power, water for kitchen and shower, grey water pumping, shade, kitchen, and food during build and strike	Maybe	Las Vegas, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Portland, Austin	
Anonymous Village	stuartlchambers@yahoo.com	https://anonymousvillage.com/	We are a 	Our camp provides a supportive community and safe camping experience for people in recovery from drugs, alcohol or other addiction.  We host 12-step meetings and other clean and sober events.	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Build, strike, moop, participate or lead 12-step meetings 	We are funded by voluntary contributions, no dues.	No	Bay Area and Reno	
Apres Ski Injury 	christian@apresskiinjury.net	apresskiinjury.net	Après Ski Injury is an international, high-energy mountain-bar dropped into the dust: part ski lodge, part dance floor, part bad downhill idea with excellent execution. In BRC we serve après-ski drinks, run our ski ramp, host ski races, DJs, bar games, and a photo corner for participants who want proof that this really happened. We are a mixed crew from across the world, united by hospitality, playful chaos, and the belief that Burning Man deserves more ski boots, more music, and fewer sensible decisions.	45	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Two bar shifts a 4h (including ice), helping tear down and clean up, a mature respectful attitude towards other camp members, a camp fee that solely goes into the camps offerings	500 USD. Everyone pays, no exception. It goes into drinks, infrastructure and annual costs such as container storage. No one is earning a single cent.	No	SLO, Boston, Queretaro (Mex), Gex (Fra)	
Astral Lab	info@astrallab.org	https://www.astrallab.org/	Astral Lab welcomes all to our community of music loving, dust stomping, hot-ass weirdos. Prepare for active meditation through dance! Astral Project with us on the playa in 2026	45	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Help out in either the Bar, Kitchen, or M.O.O.P. Crews	$500. This is the shared cost of brining the camp ammenities and community offering to build our piece of the city. 	No	San Fransisco USA,  Los Angeles USA, Paris France, Berlin Germany, Sao Paulo Brazil	
Astro Cats	astrocatscamp@gmail.com	https://sites.google.com/view/astrocats/home	We are a medium-size camp with members from different parts of the US and the world. We treasure the diversity of our backgrounds, cultures, and talents. Our main activities this year are aerial performances, ramen, sushi and sake....	50	N/A	N/A	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	2 camp shifts of 3 hours and 1 ice run.	Camp Cost Share is US $150.00. It covers transportation of camp infrastructure, drinking water, grey water disposal, open kitchen,  alchole and sake for camp events.	Yes	San Francisco, Bay Area	
Awesomesauce	awesomesaucecamp@gmail.com	http://www.campawesomesauce.org	Camp Awesomesauce is a 21-100+ aged, queer-affirming sparkle of lovely unicorns formed in 2014 with the goal of keeping our playa family together. We are small enough so that everyone knows your name, and big enough to pool our magic and contribute meaningfully to both our camp experience and Black Rock City.	25-35	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	"All campmates are required to help with build (before the burn) or take down (after the burn)
Commitment to volunteer for three shifts during the week:
- Morning coffee (occasionally with a side of questionable advice)
- Afternoon UnStable Bar, Glamstation or other events
- Family Dinner"	$350 They go towards our camp container and the costs of running the camp	No	San Francisco, New York, Moab, Reno	
Barbie Death Village	barbiedeathvillage@gmail.com		Barbie Death Village is comprised of people of all ages, interests, beliefs, orientations... all are welcome. This is one of the things that makes us... us! We feature activates that bring people together. From our Swim Up Bar, to art workshops, and further into city-wide collaborative activities (like pub crawls, art support, and volunteering). The 10 principles feature highly in everything we do. 	approx. 80	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	N/A	N/A	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Camp members are required to have three work shifts throughout the week and build week. 	Camp dues is $200. It goes towards infrastructure, stocking the bar, maintenance and car of the Mutant Vehicle (the Barbie Whorehouse), swag, maintenance of the shower, maintaining trailers for transport, storage, yearly art support gift, etc. 	Yes	Reno, NV	
Better Together	bettertogetherBM@gmail.com	https://bettertogether.camp	"Better Together Camp is where sparks fly and connections are made, literally, we’re not responsible for any Playa-induced lightning strikes. Our Speed Dating isn’t your average meet-and-greet; it’s all about real conversations, radical self-expression, and a little bit of magic. Whether you’re a Burning Man newbie or a dusty veteran, we’ve got a spot for you to connect, laugh, and maybe even find your Playa soulmate (or just a good chat). In our camp, everyone’s welcome, and everyone’s encouraged to be their weird, wonderful selves. Come for the speed dating, stay for the unforgettable memories, and remember: we’re better together.

This year we have 8 speed dating sessions, 3 amazing parties, 2 yoga classes, 1 Mafia game and workshop “how to survive in the mountains”!"	40-45	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	"- shift at least in one event
- shift in the kitchen (breakfast)
- shift LNT
- build/strike"	1000$ (camp infrastructure and logistics; open bar and events for guests; water/wc management; breakfasts)	Maybe	Zurich, Los Angeles, San Francisco, New York, Tel Aviv	
Bioluminati (Home of the Bike Mutation Station)	etlowe@aol.com	On Facebook under Bioluminati	Our camp is a close knit community (this year we are about 15 campers) and our focus is decorating bikes.  We have great infrastructure, low dues and we want campers who are motivated to work hard and play hard.  We need help on set up and break down and with bike mutation station shifts.  We provide at least one meal a day	15	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	We need help setting up and taking down infrastructure,  bike mutation shifts and meal shifts.	$300 - towards infrastucture, meals and supplies	No	Grass Valley, Bay Area, Atlanta	
BLACK ROCK ADVENTURES BUS STOP! 	info@blackrockadventures.org	www.blackrockadventures.org	"We are a small camp of about 15  people - we are an art support camp with a twist. We have an artwork BUS STOP! (pic on website) that we service with 9am accessible tours on our ""bus"" - it's a rustic adventure rig and is also pictured on our website.  We also go out at night, and for the big burns but, pending more sober-when-they-drive-drivers we offer night tours only by word of internet prior to the burn and word of mouth at the Burn, we look to provide mobility support to the Black Rock community and can take wheelchairs but mostly service Burners who have a hard time getting around on two feet as well as the able bodied. We are placed on C at 3.45. We ask for 4-6 hours of volunteer time either driving or spotting, and part of that time will be also allocated to help around camp, both set up and break camp/artwork/rig on Sunday night before temple burn, and Monday AM after temple burn. Camp is not difficult to set up or tear down, we are chill and pretty DIY. We have a camp shower, and ask that you bring your own water and take your grey water away. We have cooking stuff for you to use as well camp shade. We ask people not run generators all night long and that's pretty much it for rules. We are part Canadian/Los Angeles, part Billings MT/Grenada, part Portland, oart Chicago, Part Canadian/Ottawa, Fernie BC and Milton. 

If we don't connect to camp, please come for a tour and tell your friends. Tours leave from the BUS STOP! at 9am. The BUS STOP! is on Playa, just off Esplanade at 3pm. We are also looking to train drivers and spotters to volunteer with us! Hope to see you in the Dust, and hope you find a great camp. "	15	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	4-6 hours volunteer time, help break camp. Volunteer time means either driving or spotting on our adventure rig during our accessible tours. 	$185 per person. Helps offset costs for storage, gas, maintenance of the BUS STOP! and the adventure rig. Helps to offset costs for trailing stuff, kitchen build out, shade structure build out, thanks in advance. 	Maybe	Los Angeles CA, Billings MT	
Black Rock City Passport Office	brcpassportoffice@gmail.com	https://www.brcpassportoffice.com/	We are a 30-40ish person camp with a mix of playa veterans and first timers. Our gift is a realistic, personalized Black Rock City passport, complete with an on-playa photo, and a directory of 150+ partner camps, each contributing their own stamp. Every passport is an invitation to wander, stumble on new camps you'd never have found otherwise, and meet people you may have never met. It's a call to adventure! By the end of the week, your passport services as a one of a kind memento of your time in the dust.	30-40	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp, N/A	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Each camp member is expected to work two 3.5-hour shifts distributing passports and greeting visitors. Every camper is also expected to participate in camp strike, which occurs Saturday before the Man burns.	Camp dues are $450-500 depending on final camp count. The bulk of the dues goes toward printing passports. The remainder contribute to camp infrastructure (camp shade, kitchen, off playa storage, drinking water, gray water disposal, and 2 camp meals).	No	We're from all over! San Francisco Bay Area, Oregon, Colorado, Texas, New York, New Jersey, and some international.	
Black Rock City Shipyard	caceresjonathan82@gmail.com		A dusty shipyard oasis fueled by sailors, hot dogs, and strong cocktails.	30	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	2 shifts	450	No	Miami/ NY	
Black Rock Public Library	tkilloren@blackrockpubliclibrary.org	https://blackrockpubliclibrary.org/	We are a small camp that brings a library to Black Rock City.  We love having first-time burners in our camp.	20-25	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	We expect you to do a shift as a librarian - shelving booking and helping patrons check out books.   (Also expect help with tear down at the end of the week)	Dues are $300.  They go toward water, camp infrastructure, books.	Maybe	Bay Area, Minneapolis, Washington D.C.	
Blazing Death Ship	blazingdeathship@gmail.com	https://instagram.com/blazingdeathship	The Blazing Death Ship was created in 2013 when a bunch of fairly inexperienced burners got struck by inspiration and decided to build their own mutant vehicle. Having absolutely no relevant prior experience, they took welding classes and learned the ropes of metal fabrication and design, resulting in hours (read: an entire summer) spent on metal scrap yards, now defunct makers spaces, and backyards of friends who were told that this wouldn’t take over their entire garden for that long… The rest was learned in the welding school of hard knocks which resulted in burning of some clothes and lacerating some legs with an angle grinder and having to go to an emergency room… But all of these valuable learning experiences led to creating the coolest viking-themed Mutant Vehicle on playa, and the foundation for a mutant vehicle support camp that has been returning every year since.	15-20	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	"You are responsible for cooking dinner one night for the entire camp. If this is something you absolutely don’t want or can’t do, please let us know and we figure something else out. 
You have to sign up for 3 other shifts: Cleaning after mealtime, making breakfast, driving the ship, ice runs, bartending, meat hall tending … We'll be sharing a sign up sheet pre burn for you to decide!"	Our base level minimum is $450. We understand that everyone's financial situation is different, so we operate on a sliding scale pricing model. If you're able to contribute a bit more (for example, $550 or $5,000), it would greatly help us recover from a deficit of over $6,000 from last year. Think of it as a way to collectively support the camp and ensure we can keep bringing the Blazing Death Ship to life! We release our transparent finances to camp members after each burn so you can see what your money contributed to. And if you are in a situation of financial hardship with difficulty affording this, please reach out and we’ll try to figure something out - we don’t want money to be the reason you can’t join.	Maybe	California, New York, New Orleans, Texas, Florida, all over the place!	
BRC Snow Club	team@brcsnow.club	https://brcsnow.club/	"We bring a dry ski slope, equipment ""rental"" shop, and après vibes to playa! 

Our HQ is in the San Francisco Bay Area, but we're also a year-round global community of Burners who love snow sports. We hold true to the 10 principles and are NOT a camp-as-a-service, but we do have all the amenities. 

Co-led by Major Trouble (the unofficial ""weatherman"" in 2025) and MORE! (aka ""the girl who fell"" in 2024), community is at the heart of everything we do. First-time and solo Burners are always welcome."	~40-50	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Our Camper Agreements correlate directly to the 10 Principles + Consent + Flexibility	See Camp Info Deck: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lvppQ-cTRvGAM88l1nlQN5XAT6w76GBTYVT4xdmKAxc	Maybe	SF Bay Area, Tahoe, and all over!	
BRC Studio & Spa	Tucsonbackpacker@yahoo.com	facebook.com/groups/brc.studio.spa	We offer massage classes and sessions, as well as fine Art Nude photography workshops and sessions	8	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Current or ongoing massage therapists are most welcome, but if you have an interest we will teach you some life-long skills! Also need help signing people up for workshops and sessions. Build and strike might be helpful too.	$150 upwards, depends on services. Reduced for experienced masseuses 	Maybe	Vegas, Miami	
BUBBLE LOUNGE 	bublocamp@gmail.com	thebubblelounge.net	"Founded in 1999, the Bubble Lounge is one of the longest-running theme camps at Burning Man. Produced for over twenty years by its co-founder, Esquire Jauchem, the Bubble Lounge has always been a welcoming, inclusive, cool space with a chill vibe.  And this year it will celebrate 27 years at Black Rock City on the 7.30 and B Plaza! 

Rising from the dust storms of last year. we are returning in 2026 with a core team of experienced burners and an entirely new camp. Together, we have well over 50 years of combined experience building theme camps and art installations at Burning Man, LA Decom, BeQuinox, the Venice Afterburn, and other events.  

We offer a large chillout lounge, djs, scaffolding walkways, secret rooms, our famous quickie body wash, and nee this year - a mobile mimosa cart! 

Bubble Lounge is a diverse camp, full of seasoned burners and ever-welcoming of burgins, all sorts of creative types, souls of all stripes, and international travelers.  No spectators! 

We can’t wait to see you in the dust!"	80	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Participation, and dont be a dick. We ask each camper to volunteer for a minimum of 1x 4hr shift - that's all! Anyone who wants to be awesome can also apply for early entry to help us build (we have a couple of build slots available)	$450, with flat rates for RVs 	Yes	Gerlach (yeah, for real!), and Los Angeles - we have always been a well traveled camp and house many international burners including German and UK people. 	
Camp Contact	dance@campcontact.org	http://brc.campcontact.org	Camp Contact is all about Embodiment Practices- Contact Improv, Acro Yoga, Ecstatic Dance & Authentic Relating are our pillars, and we also love yoga, meditation, breathwork, aerial arts, tantra, bodywork and beyond.  We also have a side interest around Metamodern Spirituality, Game~B, The Liminal Web and addressing the metacrisis.	100	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	We need your help with Strike on Saturday, Sunday, Monday and Tuesday morning	Dues range from $675 to $1025 and go towards Shade, Kitchen & Meals, Beverages, Water for Drinking, Cleaning & Showering, Dance Space, Chill & Event Dome, Fuel, SteamBath, Power, Tools, Bikes, Satellite Internet, Tents, Lighting, Greywater Disposal, Trash Disposal, Composting, etc	Yes	Washington, DC, Quebec City, New York City, Bay Area, Berlin, Miami,  Seattle,  Australia, Israel, Laramie, Bentonville, Arkansas	
CAMP JUICY	mcwitmer@hotmail.com	https://www.facebook.com/groups/988468674542751	Afternoon fresh fruit smoothies and DJs. A@445. We are a do it yourself camp without amenities.	50-60	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	4 work shifts for the week. Either smoothies or teardown (Saturday) Must leave by Mon Sept 7 at 8AM	$375 or $750 sponsor	No	Too many but we are based in Los Angeles	
Camp Just Ahead	richard@tallent.us	https://campjustahead.art	"This will be the camp's 4th year, we took off 2 years and miss the dust! We keep our camp simple, offering communal shade (people, not tents), kitchenette, some power, some Internet. This keeps the burn affordable, and allows us to focus our time on our interactivity (our hilarious Wheel of Immediacy), our volunteer shifts and personal gifting, and enjoying the burn!

We're a great place for new burners who are looking for a place to call home, not a hotel to check into as one more anonymous number. We can accommodate tents, vehicles, and RVs. And since we're a tiny camp, we're also flexible, so if there's a way we can adjust things to make your burn possible, we will!

Car-pooling is available if you're willing to meet up with us on the way from Texas and join our build crew, which arrives one day early on-playa."	4-10	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	"We ask for each camper to help with three 2-hour shifts for our interactivity! Basically, meeting people, explaining our Wheel of Immediacy, encouraging and rooting for them when they choose an activity, maybe joining in with them if you want! It's a lot of fun. You can 

We also expect anyone who is on-playa on Sunday morning to help with Strike, so we can roll off the playa either before Temple Burn (if everyone wants to) or immediately after.

We could use more folks for our Saturday (1 day early) build! But that is fully optional.

Everyone is expected to keep shared spaces clean and MOOP-free and to follow all LNT guidance (including grey water minimization/management)."	No dues this year!	No	Beaumont, TX; San Antonio, TX; Austin, TX; Bay Area, CA	
Camp Slow Your Roll	marissadulaney@gmail.com	https://www.instagram.com/campslowyourroll	Inspired by the sloth, our camp encourages BRC to slow down, enjoy the burn, and connect with the awesome dusty jungle out there. Our interactivity is all things sloooooooooow - The slowest bike race, slow service at our lounge (the price of a drink is the time you have to wait to get it), slow line dance lessons, and slow drunk yoga. We are small, about 10-15 people. Our gift to the playa is primarily our interactivity to the broader community, thus practicing self-reliance inside the camp - we provide only a few amenities: ice, a kitchenette with a microwave and kettle, and solar power grid to power/charge small devices/e-bikes. We require only a few short interactivity shifts during the week, so you have plenty of time to slow down and enjoy the burn yourself. We are also always open to people coming with their ideas for how to make our interactivity or the camp better!	10-15	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	We require two 1.5-2 hr shifts to run our interactivity (M-Th), as well as one ice run for the camp and one kitchenette cleaning shift (5 min). 	Approx $400 (Exact dues TBD). This pays for consumables and building+storing our interactivity and communal camp spaces/power, plus personal ice.	No	San Francisco Area, France	
Camp THREAT	aaronlerod@gmail.com		24/7 Communist Dive Bar and EDM-free community center.	30-35	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Build/Strike and/or sign up for shift through burn week; kitchen, MOOP, Bartending	$700 - logtistics and trailer storage/transport, generator rental, fuel, food, propane flame effects, bar supplies	Yes	Portland, OR, Salt Lake City	
Candyland 	thomasreutersr@gmail.com		Small camp last 15 years. Started by Ranger and Earth Guardian volunters. We gift visitors with canndy from old vending machines, and invite adults to play our Claw machine to win sex toys.	8	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Help set up and take down camp. Have fun interacting with visitors	0	No	Steamboat Springs. Portland,  and Tucson 	
Casa de la Rumba	info@casadelarumba.com	casadelarumba.com	"Rumberos, degenerates, smooth talkers, fake millionaires, and anyone who enjoys being a child:

**Casa de la Rumba is open for applications!!**

As every year, we’re bringing the full **1920s prohibition-era casino** fantasy to the playa. Think smoky backroom energy, fake money, suspiciously charming dealers, dices, sinning wheels and decks flowing over dramatic accusations, ridiculous gambling rituals, and the chance to spend your night pretending you’re in the 20s while lovingly messing with strangers in the most Burning Man way possible.

We’ve also got a killer placement this year: **7:30 & E, on an avenue and a corner**, which means the Casino is going to be in a prime spot for maximum chaos, connection, and nonsense.

If your idea of fun is dressing like you’re in the 20s, staying fully in character, messing with people, inventing fake drama, and creating an immersive experience for strangers, this is very much your camp.

Camp contribution includes daily dinner, a covered kitchen, bedouin common area, shaded living quarters, fresh/grey water management, daily ice for camp use, fans, workshops, activities, and our beloved Casino.

Are you up for the adventure? More info and application form at casadelarumba.com and instagram.com/casa.delarumba."	47	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Cooking 1 day and doing their shifts	$550. Camp contribution includes daily dinner, a covered kitchen, bedouin common area, shaded living quarters, fresh/grey water management, daily ice for camp use, fans, workshops, activities, and our beloved Casino.	No	San Francisco, Madrid, LA, Barcelona, London	
Clevian Circularity	eric@clevian.com		Mainly Wisconsin-based Camp for 25 years now. We specialize in direct, personal, small-scale interactivities, which we run in 2-hour shifts all day	25	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Be self-sufficient. Think up something creative for your Interactivity shifts, which we do in teams of two. An enclosed 10 X 20 shade tent is provided, with some tables, chairs, and lighting you can use.	None.	No	Milwaukee, Madison, Appleton	
Cognitive Research Institute	jeff@degrind.org	https://starsailorart.com/cri	"The paperwork is real. The science is not. The Cognitive Research Institute is a deadpan Soviet-era memory research facility (est. 1973) opening its Black Rock field station for a two-season run — assessment stations, five diagnosable conditions, a machine that destroys surrendered memories, and a bar called the Memory Hole to recover in.

We’re twenty people, mostly Bay Area, camping together for years under other names. 

Experienced burners and committed first-timers both welcome."	20	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	"We need people who want to run the experience: wear the lab coat, hold the deadpan, enjoy the incredulous stares, etc, along with ice runs and keeping the kitchen tidy.

If you'd like to participate in the camp food plan, contribute 20 meals in vacusealed bags and gain access to the canp's chest freezer with everyone's contributions."	500 - storage container rental, fresh and grey water delivery, shade structure maintenance, materials for the memory destruction unit and hosted events	Yes	SF/Oakland, Santa Cruz, and Sacramento	
Comfort & Joy	samiam@playajoy.org	https://cnj.world/burningman	"Comfort & Joy is one of the longest-running queer camps on playa - a colorful, deeply participatory home for people who believe Burning Man can be more than a party. We come to Black Rock City to help build a world where freedom is real, self-expression is sacred, and comfort, pleasure, play, and belonging are not luxuries, but something everyone deserves to share.

This is not a spectator camp. It is a village we build together.

At Comfort & Joy, radical inclusion means more than a slogan. We create space where people can arrive as they are, experiment with who they’re becoming, and feel held by community while they do it. We welcome seasoned Burners, curious first-timers, queers, allies, artists, dancers, lovers, weirdos, organizers, and anyone ready to participate in something bigger than themselves."	35-60	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Volunteer shifts: setup, strike and in-week: 4-6 hours total	800 - Infrastructure, Food, Water	Maybe	San Francisco & International 	
Dark Heart	darkheartBMcamp@gmail.com	https://www.facebook.com/groups/darkheartcamp	"Dark Heart is a community of spiritual creators anchored by technical entrepreneurs, healing arts practitioners, and flow and media artists. We collaborate and amplify each other while dreaming and creating a better world for the greatest good of all.

Dark Heart follows the transformative path of fire, ritualized through fire rituals and embodied through fire art and fire dance, to burn away old ways of thinking and being that no longer serve and to welcome in new energies and vistas that do.

Dark Heart works primarily in the energy of the east, of the hero's return journey, collapsing the duality of doing and being to the flow state where we embody both simultaneously, where we can walk in both worlds with awareness and full engagement, where we can have an impact that is aligned with the greatest good.

The result is a community that focuses on competency, collaboration, creation, joy, presence, awareness and fun with our full sexy, juicy, erotic life force energies. ❤️"	About 40	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Build and/or strike, plus two 2-hour shifts during the week to keep things running	$285, for gear storage/delivery, shade, kitchen, etc; more elaborate amenities available from our HUB partner for additional cost	Maybe	Laramie, Denver, San Francisco, Hawaii	
Dios del Tiempo 	markevich24@gmail.com	https://burn2026.tilda.ws/diosdeltiempo	"We are an art support camp. 

The philosophy of our piece revolves around our relationship with time — how we move through it, how it moves through us, and how rarely we truly inhabit it.

The God of Time remains seated, watching the sun from sunrise to sunset. He marks the clock's time by pointing its hand to a giant sundial. God's body is decorated with small pictures. The lover segments are clean so that BM citizens can decorate them freely, expressing their feelings about time. The figure is entirely made of wood."	15	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	N/A	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	N/A	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	We are looking to fill different roles, so the duties vary (building the installation/cooking at camp/receiving shipments before BM etc). You can find more details at our website. 	Depending on the level of involvement, up to $900. The dues go toward the installation and the common infrastructure. 	Maybe	Moscow, Tel Aviv 	
Diptown	stanislav@shminke.art	https://shminke.art/camp.php	Diptown is an international art support camp made of artists, builders, engineers, immigrants, and long-time Burners who love creating strange, generous, and slightly impossible things in the desert. We have brought large-scale public art to BRC, including Diptown, Desert Splash, and other collaborative projects, and our camp exists to support art builds, mutant vehicles, and weird immersive experiences. We also host BARBORIS, our tiny “vodka oasis” — a cold-shot, warm-heart bar where dusty travelers can restore their body, soul, and sense of absurdity.	40		Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp		Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	All camp members are expected to participate, not just consume. Everyone helps with setup, strike, LNT/MOOP, shared kitchen duties, water/gray water/trash systems, and keeping the camp safe and functional. Members also take shifts for our BARBORIS bar/events and help support our art projects when needed. We expect people to be kind, reliable, sober-enough when responsible for safety tasks, and respectful of BRC culture		Maybe	Our campmates are mostly located in Reno/Sparks, San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles, Seattle, New York, Lisbon, Berlin, Amsterdam, Tbilisi, and other cities in the US and Europe. We are also happy to meet new campers by video call if they are not near one of our people.	
DragonCamp Armory	Dragoncamparmory@gmail.com		We run workshops to teach women how to make their own metal bikini armor costume. ( think Game of Thrones, House of the Dragon, sword and sorcery/sci-fi movies. Women select a pattern, cut and hand hammer the aluminum into a cool comfortable sexy costume to wear and share on the playa. we assist and supervise  activity. We also have a body paint area. We are in an excellent location and it is a fun, clothing casual camp of just a few people. You will have an opportunity to ride in our mutant vehicle- viking ship with captured sea dragon on the roof .	8-9	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	N/A	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Help with workshop activities 4-5 mornings only, help set-up, tear down camp workshop. We have space but provide no facilities or amenities. 	no dues	No	Orange County, California	
dust & stars	kirstenhubbard@gmail.com	dust-and-stars.com	at dust & stars, we take cults very, very unseriously. for many years, we’ve donned black robes and held initiation in our maximalist temple. this year, we’ll feature a different cult each day, from Midsommar to MLMs, with themed drinks, gifts, activities, & mostly gentle brainwashing. WE WELCOME ALL WHO DARE	20-30	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	at least three 2-hour "culty hour" shifts (pure fun!); bringing/cooking one family dinner all week; and helping with strike. available to build? even better! when it comes to costume, satirical cult comedy, & creativity, we love folks who wanna jump right in.	we've adopted a sliding scale/pay what you can system, averaging $350-450. as a smaller camp, dues primarily go to infrastrucure storage & transportation, along with any replacement materials & other necessary communal/interactivity items. budget is shared with campmates.  	Maybe	leads are in los angeles, but our diaspora is global! where are you? (why are you?)	
DUSTFISH	Opalminded@gmail.com	http://www.dustfish.org	We are radically inclusive, welcome queer and bipoc concepts, serve pho all week night and day along with libations and great music. Camp members have access to camp showers, toilets and a great location in front of the art. 	130	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	"8 hours of volunteer during the week, 
4 hours of moop begore departure"	$450 additional charge for electricity	Maybe	Bay Area, Las Vegas	
Dusty Dreamers	jeronimofolgueira@hotmail.com	https://www.instagram.com/dustydreamers.camp?igsh=MXoyZzkxanJiNWJu	We are a European camp with freedom and celebration at our core 	35	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Help with build (arrive Friday Aug 28), and one dinner shift and one activity (3hrs total work) during the event 	$700 and includes a bike, tent, food, water and everything else	Yes	Paris, Stockholm, Malaga 	
Dusty Mule Saloon and Playground	peace4ubaby@yahoo.com		Our camp is an easy-going family that focuses on belly laughs for our guests. We are communal and have family dinner each night, lovingly made by and for each other.  We connect well before Playa, so we are connected in camp.	40	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	2 shifts and participation in creating one night's dinner	300 - storage and bar supplies	Maybe	Denver, Bay area, Amsterdam, tel aviv, Bali, Turkey	
Erotic Inclination Photo Studio 	eroticinclination@gmail.com	https://www.facebook.com/Erotic.Inclination	"We’re a boutique-sized camp (15-20 people)—a tight-knit crew building this experience from the ground up. Our primary gift to the playa is hosting personal photo shoots that celebrate body positivity and radical self-expression. Camp Experience: 3 meals a day, an open bar (booze and NA beverages), a massive 100ftx50ft shade structure, an authentic Moroccan Bedouin tent lounge, solar power, and a 5,000-watt sound system. Events hosted at BM2026:
- sensual spanking workshops
- sound healing
- tantric love workshop
- poetry on-the-go
- dance parties and guest DJs throughout the week"	15-20	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	"Your duties may include (but not limited to):
1. Photography Assistant & Model Coordinator
Provide direct, on-site support to our resident photographer during active portrait and art sessions
Assist with model staging, lighting adjustments, wardrobe prep, and ensuring participants feel comfortable and confident during their sessions
2. Studio Concierge & Crowd Management
Act as the welcoming face of the studio, manage the public queue, greet walk-in participants, and regulate the crowd flow. This role is vital to maintaining an organized, stress-free environment so the photographer can focus entirely on their craft
3. Cross-Functional Camp Logistics & Event Support
Provide flexible, hands-on support across various camp infrastructure projects based on your personal skill sets
Opportunities include live DJing/audio mixing, small-scale event setup, bar tending, and kitchen logistics. We actively cross-train members and will match your unique talents to the right team project"	Camp dues are set at $1,000 per person and are allocated across the following essential categories: Sustenance & Hospitality: Bulk procurement of fresh ingredients for three daily communal meals, potable water, ice, and open-bar inventory (alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages). Logistics & Transport: Box truck rental, transport fuel, and transit logistics required to haul heavy camp infrastructure to and from the playa. Operational Consumables: Fuel, propane for cooking, and utility items required to run the camp grid and kitchen. Year-Round Maintenance: Off-playa annual storage unit fees, equipment repairs, structural maintenance, and necessary upgrades to the solar array and 100x50 shade canopy.	Maybe	SF Bay Area (CA), Singapore, Kona (HI), Vilnius (Lithuania), Edmonton (Canada)	
Fantastica Music Healing Camp	5104499la@gmail.com	no	Reset with us in a space where the magical sounds of live guitar gently guide you into relaxation and inner balance. Here, you can pause, release tension, and simply be. Our camp creates an atmosphere of calm, comfort, and mindful presence. Open to all who seek restoration and a deeper connection with themselves.	25	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp			Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Each camp member helps and becomes part of our team. We need help with the kitchen, cleaning, the Sound Healing tent, electric bike charging, and other small tasks. We expect our members to be responsible, friendly, and ready to help each other. ♥️	Camp dues are $700  per person and go toward food, water, electricity, and camp tent and infrastructure.	Yes	Los Angeles 	
Friendlandia	melissa.gunsell@gmail.com	https://www.facebook.com/friendlandia/	We're a small, personal camp centered around the celebration of friendships. We offer self guided Friendgagement ceremonies and friendship bracelet making workshops.	under 20 campmates	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Minimum attending setup (8/28-8/29) or strike (9/6), preferably both. Make, serve and clean up 1 dinner for the camp, co-host 1-2 friendship bracelet making workshops (3hrs ea), 2-3 small miscellaneous chores ex ice run or gray water management. 	$600-$700.  Essentially includes everything but your ticket, vp, tent/bedding and clothes.  Dues cover camp infrastructure maintenance, storage and transportation. Food, water, ice, nominal power (solar), shower, grey water, full kitchen, a bike to borrow 	Maybe	Bay Area, Reno, Tucson	
Fucking Joe Camp	efingjoecamp@gmail.com	NA	"We’re Fucking Joe Camp, a small but mighty camp of around 15-20, headquartered in San Jose with campers hailing from Texas, Arizona, Belgium, Ecuador, Poland, Hawaii, and beyond. 

Reflecting the diversity of our crew, our interactivity is just as vibrant and varied: Tea and Tarot, Pole Dancing Lessons and Competitions, Speedfriending, Bloody Twisted, and our Sensual Sensory Experience. And of course, our mostly-always-on, illuminated pole dancing platform invites spontaneous performances day and night. 

We’re all about fun, games, dancing, deep conversations, and genuine connection. 

Though small, we’re setup pretty well—with a communal kitchen and trailer (with A/C), shade structures for tents, power, water, shower, and all the essentials to make camp life as comfortably uncomfortable as it can be on Playa. 

We think it’s important that especially new campers join for prep in San Jose by ~8/26, if possible. We’ll head to BRC early on 8/28 (we have SAPs/WAPs), head back to San Jose early on 9/7, then we stay through 9/9 to clean, repair, organize, and repack for next year. That’s the logistics side of it. Can be a bit flexible on dates; especially if local!

IMPORTANT: This year, our pole dancer performer and teacher extraordinaire may possibly be taking a year off. Oh no! Considering that a central part of our interactivity is our Interactive Pole Dancing Platform, we'd like to find someone that can help fill that role. 
"	15-20	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Contribute! We're small so need everyone's help to make magic! Help build, strike, and participate in most of our fun events. :) It's a lot of work but worth it!	Yes, $650. Water, food, shade, shower, gray water removal.	Maybe	San Jose, CA; Austin, TX; Phoenix, AZ; Ft. Worth, TX; Bocas, Panama; Los Angeles, CA; Kona, HI	
Galactic Cruzaders 	Ray@AgentsYouShouldKnow.com	https://www.instagram.com/galactic_cruzaders?igsh=ZDRwMG0wNXNuYjY2&utm_source=qr	Theme Camp, Cacophony Society, DJ events,  amazing food and music, primarily an international camp.  Contact Playa Dad for camps "welcome" email that explains more.	70 to 80	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Combination of build-week and striking of camp, only with duties during the week.  All members take in a small portion of the work load.  Shifts are short, typically only 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Unless you have taken on Lead position.  Playa Dad wants members not tied to camp, but exploring Black Rock City.	Dues varies.  From high $600 range to the Low $700.	Yes	You name a city in the world, we likely have members. We have been around for over 16 years.	
Glowskull Asylum Int'l	federico.urban@fzu.cz		We bring extreme metal to the playa, the one and only 24/7 metal bar in BRC!	25	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Run the bar as much as they can, come early if possible or stay for strike.		Yes	Santa Cruz, Paso Robles, Austin, Portland, Prague CZ	
Here	contact@burnhere.com	www.burnhere.com	"What do we do? We’re a breakfast sandwich drive through. Bracing that Atlantic divide, we’re half European half American. A small but hardy bunch. We also have a wedding chapel on site. Three times out of the week we'll spend an hour or two serving up sizzling bacon egg and cheese sandwiches with drinks and hopefully a joke or riddle. 

We're a scrappy yet most amenities covered camp! "	16-25	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	"Three shifts during the week, this could be one of the events, helping cook brunch or dinner, or doing an ice run for example. 

It's also mandatory to either help with build or tear down. "	$750 - This covers all food, water, power, shade infrastructure, (need to buy new parts every year), and transport of the camp to BRC. (U-haul and pickup rental). As well as event supplies! 	Yes	New York, San Francisco, Amsterdam, Berlin	
Hibernaculum	bc@rof.net	none	We have been an international camp until this year when must attend weddings and other obstacles appeared. We are a loving, friendly, serendipitous group with lots of toys to play on and no dramas. Our big beautiful canopy is to share. 	13 so far with a couple of maybe's in the wings.	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Pitch in as needed, assist with activities. Feminine photographer wanted.	$100 goes to equipment maintenance and current expenses	No	Denver, Grand Junction, Salida CO, Mariposa CA, Seattle WA, Austin TX, Cornville, AZ	
Horny Camp	eugeniavb@gmail.com	hornycamp.com	We bring polymer clay to the playa and teach burners how to make little polymer clay horns to wear on their heads. We're a friendly camp that prides itself on making a safe, relaxed home for all of our members. 	16-20	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	To work 3 3-hour shifts doing horn-making or one of our other activities.	$350. Dues go towards: our shipping container storage and delivery fees, the greywater infrastructure that needs to be purchased yearly, wear and tear on camp infrastructure, our polymer clay and other supplies needed to do our activities, and trash disposal costs. All dues moneies go directly to the camp. No one is paid to run the camp.	No	New York City, Austin, Bay Area, Boston, Reno	
House of Skin	rafitz3048@gmail.com		We are a sunscreen and chapstick camp. I also bring a trampoline, stage with striper pole, speaker, a shaded camp area at the front of camp, a fire pit and a lot of fun	15	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves		Communalized by camp	To help run the camps sunscreen statiin for at least one shift (maybe more depending on how many campers are in camp and help with at least a st one camp event. Also, clean up after yourself all around camp and in the kitchen. Not much else 	Nobe		Spokane, WA and Reno. NV	
I love elephants	Paoniaphil@hotmail.com	Iloveelephantscamp.org	I Love Elephants is a visionary Burning Man camp on the Esplanade offering immersive art, music, movement, and connection. In BRC 2026, we will host the Alex Grey Gallery in a new pyramid, alongside a Visionary Arts Dome, ecstatic dance, downtempo DJs, yoga, and workshops. Our Love Bazaar will provide a 3,000-square-foot shaded, padded space for gathering, practice, and play.	90	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Total of 8 hour volunteer shift	$750 - toward 3 meals per day and interactivity 	Maybe	Oregon, Colorado and the world 	
Indigo's Speakeasy	indigodruid@gmail.com		I am a veteran burner who loves sharing single malt.  I have a modest camp of 1 with room to host 2 virgins that come radically self reliant.	3	N/A	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	N/A	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Share a good dram and conversation.	none		SF Bay Area	
ING	CampCalledING@gmail.com	Www.burnING.camp	Camp ING is a long-running, international Burning Man camp built around community, contribution, hospitality, art, music, and shared effort. We create a welcoming home base in Black Rock City: a place to land, connect, reset, participate, and have a real group on playa without losing your independence. Our camp hosts daily interactivity, communal shade, social rituals, and camp-led events with a playful, intentional, self-reliant vibe. No sherpas, no spectators, just people building and sharing something worth returning to.	36	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	We use a simple three-point participation system. Every camper is expected to contribute at least three points through camp duties such as build, strike, MOOP sweeps, kitchen help, event support, water/greywater help, and general camp care. Build and strike carry extra weight because they are the most labor-intensive and are critical to making the camp happen. The goal is not to over-schedule people, but to make sure everyone participates, no one gets treated like a guest, and the camp stays functional, welcoming, and Leave No Trace.	Camp dues are $250 before June 26 and $300 after June 26. Dues go directly toward the real hard costs of making camp happen: our shipping container, storage, transport to and from playa, shared shade, kitchen infrastructure, water and greywater systems, power/fuel, tools, safety supplies, decor, interactivity, and general camp maintenance. There are no paid staff, no profit, and nobody is paid for organizing the camp. We simply add up the shared expenses and divide them across the campers. Dues do not include a Burning Man ticket, vehicle pass, personal food, personal shelter, or personal supplies.	Maybe	South Lake Tahoe, Eugene Oregon, San Diego, Las Vegas. 	
Kentucky Fried Camp	mc-perry@hotmail.com	kentuckyfriedcamp.com	"📌About us: We’ve been around for about 12 years and next year was always better.
📍Location: We’re at 6&C this year! 
🥃 Gift: We serve breakfast every morning which is a Fried Baloney Sandwich with a side shot of Kentucky Bourbon. Sounds gross, tastes delicious. Salty ‘n Sexy.
We also perform wedding ceremonies, quickie divorces, and arrange honeymoons with our psychogeography randomizer. 
⛺️Campers: We have campers ranging from 22 to 70 years old. Some of us are actual family and all of us are playa family.
Our vibe is old school hippies. We’re fairly low key so our camp is a quiet, calm, and still fun, place to come home to from the beautiful chaos of playa.
We’re compromised of people from all over the US as well as internationally.
Some of us are rangers, temple guardians, earth guardians and playa artists.
We have 25 campers at present and are open to accepting 10 more.
ℹ️ If you’re interested in learning more, please feel free to DM me and check out the links below:👇 
Info page: kentuckyfriedcamp.com
Instagram: @kentuckyfriedcamp
Camp application: https://forms.gle/tRkgDsUfaQo5ykwJ6"	25	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	N/A	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Participation in our breakfast service 9am-11am Tues-Fri 10am-12pm Sat, general participation with set up and strike	375	Maybe	Lexington, Boston, New York City, Milan (Italy), Yakima, Cincinatti	
Lands Beyond	info@lands-beyond.org	www.lands-beyond.org	Lands Beyond is a cosmic haven for strivers and adventurers always seeking the unknown. Lands Beyond is an international camp with Mexican roots and flair. Our community thrives on diversity, exploration and curiosity. We are not tourists in Playa. We are builders, gifters, and dreamers — people who arrive to give, to participate, and to transform. Geodesic domes. Airstream kitchen. South African shades. Mexican and Balinese decorations. Not to mention lights, sounds, infrastructure. We bring it all.	75	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	"Lands Beyond runs on participation, not spectatorship. Four light commitments keep the whole station aloft — and they're half the fun.
1. Raise the station: lend your hands to setup or strike. We conjure a whole world from bare dust and return it to dust — be part of the magic at one end or the other.
2. Feed the crew: cook one communal meal across the week. Fuel for fellow space travelers, served with love under the desert sky.
3. Gift the playa: just 1 shift of interactivity for the entire burn. Share your spark — a skill, a ritual, a moment of wonder for passing dust-dwellers.
4. Hold the orbit: pitch in on a few small team tasks through the week. Many hands keep the mothership humming and the family thriving."	Lands Beyond is a non profit organization. The camp fee is $3,800, and the funding goes towards paying for the myriad of things that we bring for campers and for the Burning Man community alike. We make huge expenses to bring the most amazing interactivity and community we can and all the funds go towards paying for those costs and nothing else.	No	Mexico City, San Fancisco, others	
Legends of the Hidden Playa	legendsofthehiddenplaya@gmail.com	https://www.hiddenplaya.art	We are approximately 25 people in our 30s and 40s who run an obstacle course/escape room type adventure that's structured like the old Nickelodeon show, but themed around Burning Man satire. We enjoy having a chill home based that allows us to enjoy the city to its fullest while having somewhere comfortable to land when we need a break.	20-25	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves			We ask everyone in camp to do 2 shifts running our maze. The shifts are 3 hours long.	Our cost share is $300/person. This covers water delivery, shipping and storage for our container of communal infrastructure, and all the other odds and ends of camp expenses. 	Maybe	Austin, TX and Los Angeles, CA	
M*A*S*H 4207th	dstillwa@gmail.com		Low-key and mellow camp. Bar during the day and the TV Show MASH at night.	12	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Help with set-up and tear-down is appreciated. A bar shift and/or an ice run helps a lot.	$50, 1 bottle of vodka, 2 cases of PBR	Yes	Portland OR, Phoenix AZ	
Math Camp @ Group W	cameron@tacklind.com	https://mathcamp.us	A _SAFE_ place to Drink and DErive. We are nerdy/techy/DIY/maker kind of group based mostly in the Bay Area.	25~40	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Help setup/strike. Help prep/serve/cleanup Pie Time. Run the Bar. Host a lecture.	$50 encouraged for pie service. Drinks you want at the bar.	Maybe	East Palo Alto, San Francisco, Truckee	
Maybe You Should Talk To Someone	mystts.brc@gmail.com	N/A	"We’re a heart-centered, conscious community offering on-playa counseling to help fellow Burners unf*ck their burn. You do not need to be a therapist to apply! We do ask that all campmates are either currently in therapy or have been in therapy before. We’re building a camp where people value self-awareness, accountability, and emotional growth. To support camp cohesion, we don’t allow RVs unless there’s a medical or age-related need.
We ask campmates to arrive no later than Monday at noon and stay through strike, which is Saturday morning."	20	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Each campmate commits to two volunteer shifts Monday-Friday. Shifts entails either counseling or helping with camp maintenance.We also require that all campmates participate in strike, Saturday morning. 	$450. They go toward water delivery, camp infrastructure, storage and transportation, power, and ice. 	No	Los Angeles, San Francisco, Joshua Tree, Nashville, Austin, Grants Pass	
MESA Camp	info@mesacamp.us	mesacamp.us	Join us atop the MESA, your place to escape the chaos and find connection. Join us for nightly mezcal tastings, drum circles, volleyball and late night deep playa rides on our mutant vehicle, Garden of Dreamin'	80	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Each camper is required to do a MOOP shift, a kitchen shift and an interactivity shift of your choice	Dues are $2,500 per person which covers:   Shower, kitchen, community support, art car, ebike discounts, MESA lounge w/ sound system, mezcal bar, camp trash removal, build team sponsorships, annual storage/transpo, insurance, and accounting/tax costs 	Yes	LA, SF, NYC, London, Zurich, Amsterdam, Paris, and more!	
MindShark 	mentesqualo@gmail.com	CampMindShark.com	"MindShark has large scale art including an interactive LED dome, multiple flame effects, wicked sound system and DJ setup, and the worst/best bar on playa (depending on who you ask). Dues go towards our interactivity as well as two meals a day, drinking water, shade for tents, shaded hanging-out space, and all the booze from our bar.

If you're a builder, artist, maker, flow artist, DJ, musician, cook, bartenders, organizer, or generally passionate about something, we want you!  (We're also looking for people interested in early arrival to help with build.) 

Placed at Esplanade & 3:00 for 2026, apply to join at CampMindShark.com! "	50-70	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Total of 12-15 hours of shifts throughout the week. 3 event shifts, 3 chore shifts, 1 kitchen 	$550.69, Dues go towards the camp interactivity;  the led art, flame effects and running the bar, as well as meals, water, shade and other camp infrastructure and logistics. Dues for the year are determined by our budget dividend by the expected number of campers. 	No	Denver, San Francisco, NYC, Seattle, Portland 	
Mona Camp	monamiaoart@gmail.com	https://monaartfoundation.org/	We are building four art pieces on playa: Mona Moon, Correfoc, WiFi Jail and Ragnarok	60		Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	We are looking for builders with art-building experience that are able to come a few days before Burn week to help us support our four art pieces	Depends on how much people contribute to build	Maybe	SF, Berkeley, China	
Moon Landing	jamestrebesch@gmail.com	moon-landing.net	We are an art car and art support camp.. We have two art cars and a placed art project.  We focus on building community through shared effort in physically participating in building the city.  	35	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	We have a few spots available for build week participants, general camp up keep, art car daily cleaning, art project servicing, final strike and teardown.	$500, water, showers, shade, private portos, camp infastrcture, art car repairs, camp equipment	Yes	Oakland, San Francisco, Poland, Costa Rica	
Mostly in Tune	davidethompsonjd@gmail.com		"Leave with dusty shoes and a song stuck in your head.

Mostly in Tune is a participatory jam camp. Join the band, borrow an instrument, sing along, enjoy live band karaoke, perform spoken word over live backing tracks, or simply enjoy the music. No experience required.

Want to join a camp and actually make music? We’re looking for a drummer and keyboard player to complete our house band. (Until then, Roland is keeping the beat.)

Weather permitting, our jam sessions are captured with professional multitrack audio and video, then mixed after the Burn. Featured artists who share their contact information can request copies of their recordings and opt out of social media featuring their performances.

Come record the soundtrack to your Burn."	6	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Help build and strike camp, pitch in with shared camp chores, and help create a welcoming, inclusive environment. Musicians are always welcome to join the music. No pressure, no expectations.		Yes	Santa Cruz, CA	
Naked Heart	dbraun@omnipost.com	https://nakedheartcamp.com	"We are a welcoming community who come together to present 140 workshops on playa each year. We are cultural monkey-wrenchers who are prototyping new ways for humans to relate to each other with love and kindness. We welcome new-comers and international campers. Our program explores topics of sensuality, shame-busting, human potential, movement, sexuality, Goddess awareness, somatic, dance, and more!! 

Life in camp is pretty luxurious. We have dense SHADE for every tent that ALSO BLOCKS THE WIND!!. We have a full vegetarian meal plan and FROZEN FRUIT SMOOTHIES for lunch. We have water for all your needs including SHOWERS! Our interactivity draws about 1000 people to our camp at all times so there is plenty of excitement and deliciousness. The interactivity is a long ways away from our camp inner core so it is easy to get peace and quiet. We are silent at night so it is easy to sleep. We do not have any alcohol in camp so we are very low drama. We have a STEAMBATH. If you have an RV or yurt and want to hook up to our power grid, you can do so for a fee. We have a bicycle cooperative so that you do not need to bring your own bike.

We love new members. We assign you a ""Buddy"" who helps you learn the ropes before you even arrive. We have orientation phone calls, we even have an instruction manual so that you can geek out on how our systems operate. When you arrive we have orientation tours to show you all the camp features. We are 2 blocks away from the Burner Bus. Most of our members arrive with just 2 suitcases."	200	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Each member must contribute 3 work shifts (about 2 hours each)	Dues increase as it gets close to the Burn. Currently they are $1250. This gets you a full meal plan, shade for every tent, communal cooled spaces, water for all needs including showers, a steam bath, power, etc. The camp dues also pay for our interactivity costs. Join soon, Dues go up 7/15 & 8/1	Yes	We are truly international but have a lot of campers from California Bay Area and Boulder, CO	
Netsah	steven.tordjeman@gmail.com	https://www.instagram.com/netsah.camp/	"NETSAH Rising Sanctuary is a grounded, relaxing, and welcoming camp built around connection, beauty, and good vibes. ✨

Inspired by oriental aesthetics, we created a peaceful oasis in the desert where Burners can slow down, recharge, and enjoy meaningful moments together. Our space blends music, art, comfort, and community, offering a calm energy that balances the intensity of the playa. 🏜️🎶

We believe in sharing, authentic human connections, and creating a temporary home where everyone feels welcome. Whether around a morning coffee, in our chill lounge, or during spontaneous conversations, NETSAH is about enjoying the present moment and building memories that last forever."	80	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	N/A	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	"All camp members are expected to practice Leave No Trace principles and actively help keep our space clean, organized, and MOOP-free throughout the event.

We also encourage everyone to contribute to our community by helping with our morning coffee and breakfast hosting, welcoming guests, and supporting the positive and relaxing atmosphere that defines NETSAH Rising Sanctuary. Small contributions from everyone help create a beautiful experience for all."	Camp dues range from 990€ to 1,300€ per person, depending on the level of contribution.  These dues go towards:  Water refills and grey water pumping 🚰 Internet for the camp 📡 Camp logistics, infrastructure, and setup 🏕️ Morning breakfast (coffee, pancakes, and hosting) ☕🥞  This helps ensure NETSAH Rising Sanctuary runs smoothly and provides a comfortable, well-supported experience for all camp members.	Maybe	PARIS / MIAMI / NYC / TEL AVIV	
Never Sleep Again	augustinepizano@gmail.com	neversleepagain.org	We are a camp that fosters connection by producing quality parties featuring some of the best musical artists on the playa from around the world in an intimate and decadent setting. 	100ish	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	We seek folks that are contributors not spectators. 	$550	Maybe	Los Ángeles. San Francisco, Berlin	
Node	Noderepublik@gmail.com	Node.family	Node is a desert oasis.a place to escape the heat, relax, dance, drink coffee or enjoy our 4th annual hip hop bbq!	60	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Everyone is expecting to contribute. Everyone will have another 5 (1-2 hour shifts). 	$2,000	Maybe	New York! LA! New Zealand!	
Not A Cult	campnotacult@gmail.com	N/A	We are a wellness camp that jokes at religion. We are alcohol free and enjoy yoga, mocktails, and bits of debotchery	25-30	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Each member must help with 3-4 events or dinners. Each shift is from 60-90 minutes and is low stress and hopefully fun. We expect everyone to help with take down on Sunday. We expect everyone to show up ready to Burn.	$300-400 goes toward our storage, shower upgrades, new equipment, paying off old debts (last year we build a lot of shade), shared camp meals, many other things.	Maybe	Northern Arizona, Bay Area California	
Ocean Beach	info@oceanbeach.camp	ocean beach.camp	Ocean Beach is a sun-soaked fever dream of surf shacks, sea creatures, and boardwalk absurdity. Join our salty circus for lobster pizza rituals, smoothie shamans, sunset cocktail ceremonies, and the infamous ode to JB's cheeseburger in paradise. Stretch your soul with yoga, tantra, and sound healing. Play boardwalk games, ride silly rides, perform on our aerial hoops, or lounge like a sea god. We're a 100% green camp riding the tide toward a stranger, better world. New beach bums always welcome — come get weird by the waves.	30	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	participate in camp chores and interactive programming	$600. Pays for all food, water, drinks. Helps pay for interactive programming. 	No	New York, San Francisco, Brussels, Los Angeles	
Olympvs	homehollywoodhills@gmail.com		"Together we're creating an immersive experience that invites the playa into a space of myth, ritual, curiosity, and sensual exploration. Through performance, interaction, hospitality, and play, we want to create moments people will remember long after the dust settles.The infrastructure to support both our community and our gift:
— A stretch-tent lounge with deep shade and space to gather
— A secret speakeasy bar and dust-proof lounge for respite from the storms
— Nightly Mediterranean feasts that bring our camp together
— A power grid for your RV
— Camp drinking water and scheduled RV refills and pump-outs
— Eco-friendly bathrooms
We're looking for people who want to build, perform, host, create, and participate. People who value community as much as comfort, and understand that the best experiences on playa are the ones we make together."	20-25	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Members commit to 6 hours of shifts during the week + strike. Participation is how Olympvs lives and thrives. 	$2500 or below depending on group size and other details. Olympvs runs on shared contribution, not services. Camp dues represent each member’s share of infrastructure: containers, shade, water, power, bathrooms, food, and ambiance.	No	LA-based, with campmates from NYC, Europe, and beyond.	
Orphan Endorphin 	Orphanendorphin@gmail.com	https://orphanendorphin.com/camp.html	We build BETTER BURNERS! 	20	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Setup and Strike 	$125 for Ticket Aid recipients, $225 for Endorphins, $300 for Orphans 	Yes	Denver, San Francisco, Sacramento, L.A., London, Buenos Aires, Orlando	
People's Art Congress	desirai3@gmail.com				Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	No drama, no moop 	None	No		
Pepperland	btlefan@gmail.com	Www.camppepperland.com	Beatles based camp. Very mellow. Have an event you want to do? Pepperland is the place!	50	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, N/A	Some daily chores in camp most less than ten minutes. Just keeping up the cleanliness of the camp and ice runs 	$300. Goes towards camp stuff only and we supply an evening meal daily		Sacramento, England, all over the states and world!	
Playa Agora	Ricardo@PlayaAgora.Love	PlayaAgora.Love	Playa Agora is a warm and friendly camp that loves bringing people closer together. We host interactive workshops focused on deep human connection and community. If you love meeting wonderful people and building real relationships, our camp will feel like home.	About 25	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	We believe in working together as a team to make the camp run smoothly. Every camp mate helps out for about 8 hours total throughout the entire week. You can choose to help guide our connection workshops, or you can help build the camp structures or take them down at the end. It is a fun, shared effort that brings us all closer together.	Our camp dues are $550. Every dollar goes directly into shared comforts like a large shade structure, a camp shower, and a kitchen. It also covers daily needs like water, generator fuel, kitchen propane, gray water removal, and waste disposal. By pooling our money, we build a safe and cozy home in the dust for everyone.	No	That would be a long list. We are an international group, but you can easily meet many of us in person. In the US: Denver, Los Angeles, and Minneapolis are a few of the cities.	
Playa Choir 	tori@playachoir.com	playachoir.com	Playa Choir is an all inclusive Art Performance Camp.  Playa Choir is a rowdy, non-dogmatic inspirational experience!  We have an adult choir and this year we are starting a children's choir as well.  We perform at the Burning Man Opening Ceremony, with the Black Rock Philharmonic, in the Burning Man Procession to the Man on Burn Night, Sunrise at the Temple and in the Playa Choir Dome on Burn Sunday.   We rehearse throughout the week at the Playa Choir Dome.  The Dome is also a shared community space where other camps can host events. 	45-50	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Everyone at Playa Choir Camp supports our art project (The Choir) in some way by either singing in the choir, playing in the band, or being a Greeter.  Greeters are an important part of our interactivity as all members of the choir and band are busy during rehearsals.  Greeters serve coffee in the morning and invite passers by to come on in to relax and watch or even to join in.  In addition to supporting the art project, all campers participate in camp duties such as mooping,  sweeping the common area or  ice runs.  Playa Choir is not a camp to join if you want to just put in a few shifts.  But if you are passionate about music and want to BE the art- this is the place for you.  	Dues  are from $200 and up depending on what  sort of site- Inside the shade structure vs RV out on the grounds.  ALL Dues go towards supporting the art project.  	Maybe	We are from all over the world.  We zoom every week and invite prospective members to come and meet the crew.  We meet on Sundays at 4:30 Pacific Time.      Join Our Zoom Meeting! Meeting ID: 556 439 7636 Passcode: rxELJ5  	
Red Nose District 	Rednosedistrictinc@gmail.com		20 year Circus Theme camp! Offering circus school, hijinks, and a welcoming atmosphere 	150	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Everybody works, everybody pays! 	$280	No	Bend, Portland, LA, Santa Fe, NYC	
RedNeck Regal Theatre	walleroo97@hotmail.com		We offer a sharing of visual theater through interactive hand puppet show and movie nights. It is all themed and usually offered with a story or experience	4	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	N/A	N/A	We would expect to find lovers of movies or movie genres to be able to share favorite movies with a personal story that makes the experience unique to our attendees on their assigned movie nights. The theater puppets is just as easy as reading a bedtime story.	No dues	No	Reno, NV and Odessa, TX	
Reverbia	Reverbia.bman@gmail.com	Reverbia.org	"We are The Portal of Live Music at Burning Man.  If you like live music and a balanced harmonious community who acculturalizes and mentors New Campers and Birgens with patience and kindness, asks for no hard drugs and responsible partying (several people in our camp do the Burn mostly sober), has quiet hours in our camping areas, requests respect and NO DRAMA…then we may be a good fit.  We also have many solo campers and are a consent camp who practices the 10 principles. We offer vegan, vegetarian, and restricted diet meals in our omnivorous kitchen, along with 24/7 snack/nuts/frutis/sandwich making/popcorn/coffee/tea area.  We have lots of communal and camping shade available. *We are a family friendly camp.    Usually by August we will have a waiting list. 
"	260	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Our gift will be about 125 hours of live music programming. We ask that all Reverbians volunteer 12-14 hours of service towards our community needs, which is programming/workshop/concert support, kitchen, LNT, DPW, Placement, Build Team (set it up), Exit Team (watch the Playa return to its natural state).  We also ask that Reversions assist on our All tear down day, which goes super fast as many hands make light work. Everyone moops a packs out their own trash.	$480 is our basic cost sharing price to camp with us.  This includes basic camping, first come first serve tent shade under 6 major structures, basic power, drinking water, showers, sink, 3 meals a day + snack/nut/fruits/sandwich 24/7 area.  RVs, Camping vehicles, larger tents are additional.  ($60-$450 for week pending vehicle, size. and power needs)  	Maybe	Eugene, Vancouver, BC, Portland, SF.	
Rooftop Frose	stormin100@hotmail.com	NA	We are a small camp that sets up a ten foot high platform with an eight foot shad above to have a max of six burners at a time enjoy the view from the platform. Rooftop Frose is open M,T,Th &F from a little before sunset until a little after the sun goes down and the stars come out serving Froses to our guests. I am from Tucson Arizona and would be interested in one or two burners joining us from Tucson. No dues or central kitchen must bring everything you need with you to the playa.	3 to 5 burners 	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Help serving and making Froses for our guests and build and tear down of scaffold and camp	NA	No	Tucson, San Francisco and Denver	
Rootpile	RootpileUniversity@gmail.com	Rootpile.org	We love to burn down some fast fiddle tunes in the evening with some moonshine but we also hang out as a community to support each other every single day. We have a wonderful camp that is full of creatives, musicians, artists, and builders. 	75	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	We only expect everyone to volunteer one full day during the week and they are free to explore the playa for the remainder of the event.	Dues are $500 per person and go toward our shared resources like trash removal, diesel generator, grid upgrades, meal ingredients, water, showers, bathrooms, shade structures, sound equipment rental, dance floor, Texas BBQ Stage, stage props, coffee, electrolytes, plates/forks	Yes	Austin, San Fran, Reno, Denver, Houston, Asheville	
Secret Passage	joel.remland@gmail.com		We're a scrappy group of mostly New Yorkers burning since 2011, offering a variety of theme camp shenanigans in our hosting tent. Organized and resourceful, we provide all the essential playa needs while keeping dues reasonable. We work and play hard, enjoy volunteering as greeters and adventuring as a group. We're grounded, supportive, collaborative, and seeking likeminded folks to join our ranks this year.   	20	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Attend remaining planning meetings, sign up for a few camp staffing shifts, help lead a project area (transportation, interior design, meals, etc), commit to either build or strike (but preferably both). Work collaboratively to get it done.  	~$700 cost share covers all communalized costs indicted above (including transport to/from playa!)	No	NYC mostly	
Serenity Now	ajrisi@gmail.com		"We are a small, central coffee house near the middle of black rock city. We have a beautiful dome as our shared space, as well as shade for campers, a shower setup, unlimited water and some really incredible people. We are a very relaxed camp, and our primary focus is being a welcome-to-all joyous space for people to start their day, or recover after a long night!

Serenity Now is designed to offer the perfect blend of community and self-expression. We are small enough that you will get to know everyone, and big enough that you will get the support from the community that help make Burning Man such an incredible place. We can offer a quiet corner for quiet camper just as easily as a central spot for a social butterfly. 

We currently have about 50/50 LGBTQ+ membership, and often fly the progress flag and Ukraine flag. "	Up to 30, but we are usually a smaller crew	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Members get to host a coffee service in the morning, but it is mostly just being present and awake to make friends (the coffee is effectively self-serve). We have a few other events and always encourage member involvement, but they are all optional.	$350 per person. Dues cover public gift coffee and water, and camp water, power, trash, showers, etc. Dues are used exclusively to refresh camp and purchase the years' coffee/water/etc.	Yes	Lake Tahoe, Los Angeles, potentially SF, Boulder, CO and more. We have a few nomads in camp.	
Short Bus Coffee Camp	redfoxe77@hotmail.com	None	Short Bus offers premium Kona coffee harvested and roasted especially for the burn!  We serve 20 gallons daily, starting from 0800 until daily supplies run out.  We also provide organic cream and raw sugar and a daily assortment of breakfast pastries.  This year you’ll find us at 8:00 & A  😊	20-25	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Short Bus campers usually work one or two mornings during the burn, serving coffee for about 2-3 hours.  The rest of the burn is yours!!  	Dues are minimal, $100 per camper.  This covers the cost of coffee, filtered water, cream/creamers/oat milk, pastries/breakfast bars, and booze for Irish coffees 	No	We’re based out of Chico, CA 	
Slutty Microphone	camp@sluttymic.camp	https://sluttymic.camp/	"We're 24/7 live music jam camp with a cozy always-on open mic stage, with a lot of instruments, welcoming bands and solo performers. We usually accommodate 50-100 guest performers per week.

We also host nightly dinners, spontaneous midnight breakcore raves, and sunrise barrel side therapy sessions. We're artists, dancers, musicians, doctors, software and hardware engineers in ~25-4x age range."	20-30	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Any combination of: cooking, cleaning, infrastructure maintenance tasks, MC and/or play music at the stage. Serious effort projects (like towing a cargo trailer with your truck) can get you up to 100% camp fee discount. 	$450-800, depending on time of joining and contributions	Maybe	San Francisco, Berkeley, New York, Montreal	
Snack Shack	lmcnerthney@gmail.com	Www.instagram.com/snack____attack	Snack Shack is a place where people come to get some sustenance in the shade. This year we are located at 2:45 & B serving hot dogs, grilled cheese and cold beverages Monday-Thursday from 5 to 7pm. On Wednesday we host the World Famous Black Rock City Hotdog Eating Contest as well as a sensual hotdog eating contest.	20-40	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Help setup and/or breakdown camp. Participate in 3 out of 4 of our food services.	$250. Dues help pay for storage of camp infrastructure and food/beverages for service.	No	Bellingham, Seattle, Portland, NYC, Asheville 	
Souilshakers	simonpaulshea@gmail.com			27	N/A	Individuals supply themselves		Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp		N/A	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	To help with setup & build/strike. Camp day parties 	$350 towards our photo bus Artcar/Camp parties	No	Bend Or, Vancouver BC, Queenstown NZ	
Spanky's Wine Bar	dano@spankys.org	spankys.org	Spanky's is legend on the playa.  2026 will be our 19th year.   We take a light-hearted approach to kink, with a focus on humor in its lowest forms. With attractions such as the Spank-O-Matic, the Twisted Nipple, and Trigger the Wonder Pony, Spanky's has staked a claim to be the beating heart of the Red Light District.    This year we have teamed up with another iconic Burning Man camp and will share a border, some infrastructure , and sexy vibes with Orgy Dome.   Come for dice game at Spanky's, and stay for the orgy next door.	120	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	N/A	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Give at least one fuck about the success of the camp.   And 16 hours of shift work.	500.00.  Fuel, booze, toys, infrastructure, storage	Yes	Reno, Bay Area, Europe, 	
Stag Camp	seasideis@hotmail.com	https://stagcamp.org	Stag Camp is a tight-knit, come-as-you-are community defined by radical acceptance, self-reliance, and an easygoing spirit. We ditch mandatory dues and rigid shifts—relying instead on voluntary donations, mutual respect, and a collective love for the Burn. It’s a home for the free-spirited to leave default-world stressors behind, roam freely, and find family.	50-100	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Radical reliance.  Must clean your MOOP.	Storage fees and keeping the Stag alive!	No	Utah, Ohio, New York, California, Massachusetts	
Stardust Lounge	stardustloungecamp@protonmail.com	https://stardustloungecamp.wixsite.com/stardust-lounge	"Since 2008, Stardust Lounge has offered visitors a fun blend of rituals, games, and opportunities for self-care.  We are a group of ever growing friends that has grown over they years.  You do not just camp with Stardust, you become part of the tribe.

We offer a wedding chapel where we marry anybody to anyone or to anything.  The weddings are silly, frivolous and not serious.  We also have Casino games and many random events.

We have a nightly Champagne toast ritual where everyone toasts to their experience.  Hope you will join."	15 with Stardust.  We are a Hub with two other camps: Mellow Mountain and Horny Camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	We expect our "New Stars" to bring their best adventurous and friendly selves, to participate in our camp social adventures and help where they can.  We all pitch in clean, entertain, play and organize.  We want new Stardusters to experience Burningman at its fullest and to sink themselves into the experience.  The only duty and responsibility you will have is to take over and run the camp on Friday with all the other "New Stars".  	Typically run about $300-$350 and covers food, snacks, water, drinks and infrastructure.	No	San Francisco, Oakland, San Juan PR, Paris France, Berlin Germany and more	
StarFist	starfist.brc@gmail.com		We are an eclectic, international tribe of Burners of all walks of life, all ages and all sensibilities who converge in the dust to revive our faith in humanity. Our heartfelt primary offering is our STARFIST INFAMOUS INTERNATIONAL TEA SERVICE where we delight the citizens of BRC with refreshments and loving hospitality. We also have a SECRET SPA and offer various other activities in our glorious tea tent, such as daytime WELLNESS SESSIONS and some night time events. This year, we have our most public facing camp placement ever and are looking forward to more traffic so we are excited to add some new gifts for the playa including a NIGHT TEA SERVICE. But what makes our camp particularly wonderful is the motley crew of folks who have found their family in this temporary utopia and our union stretches around the world and year round.  	Usually around 50	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	1 camp work day and 2 x 4 hour strike shifts the day before you leave	 This year’s dues are $650 (or more if people want to contribute to subsidise low income dues, which we offer).  Your dues cover the cost of our whole camp infrastructure from storage and transportation to our camp offering and everything you might need to enjoy your home in the desert for that dusty week.  We have a full (container) kitchen, separate coffee station, water for everyone, communal ice runs and spare coolers if needed. A communal dining and lounge area as well as our luxurious tea tent which is always available to everyone. The kitchen is stocked with basic condiments and we have fresh produce delivery including eggs. We have two official camp meals and the rest of the time everyone just communally cooks together for whoever is around and hungry. We have a bar with a decent selection of spirits, mixers and obscure liquors from around the world. We also have a solar powered charging station for phones and gadgets and relatively functional showers. 	Yes	Bay Area, London, New Orleans, LA, NY and scattered all over the world	
Team Human Base Camp	jrb219@hotmail.com		We are a small eclectic camp that believes in community and artistic expression. We have a small stage and welcome performances of all kinds, as well as hosting Shit Show Karaoke. We have members from California to Indiana, Texas to Australia. But above all we are a community. 	24	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Everyone is responsible for cooking at least one meal for the camp (pair up for this task). Everyone is required to contribute time to either camp build, camp breakdown or stage operations during burn week. 	$300	Maybe		
Temple Oasis	harbor@templeoasis.org	www.templeoasis.org	We are a support camp for Temple Guardian volunteers, keeping a calm space to promote connection and rest. Ours is a global and all-ages community, encompassing people from a multitude of professions and passions. We provide shade, water, a shower, a kitchen, and graywater collection. We host one mid-week evening event for the Temple Guardian community. New burners/new Temple Guardians welcome! 	30-35	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Be a registered Temple Guardian and serve three shifts at the Temple. Participate in light camp operational duties, primarily Leave No Trace efforts. All campers partake in camp strike Saturday. Not a party camp - maintain a calm environment promoting rest for TGs	$250 - covers water, porta-potties, graywater collection, and shade/infrastructure 	No	Global - not a city-based camp	
The Burning Globe	burningglobeinfo@gmail.com		We are a (very-loosely) Shakespeare themed theatre camp. We have a theatre space where we host performances, workshops and parties. But wait there's more! Behind our theatre is our Aged Elf Speakeasy, a medieval fantasy inspired bit bar (think "Prancing Pony" or the tavern where a DnD campaign may begin). We welcome all thespians, pranksters and shenaniganistas. 	26	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Varies, but mostly general camp responsibilities: Moop sweeps, bar shifts, ice runs, build/teardown, etc. 	$350 - Covers our trailer and container, communal water and infrastructure	Maybe	New York, Los Angeles, Seattle, Boise	
The cage	juanjosetinajero@gmail.com	https://www.instagram.com/thecagemusic?igsh=MTY1amRsOWtoOXhpdQ==	"A curated community of DJs, entrepreneurs, fitness experts, creatives, and experienced burners—sharing one unforgettable week in Black Rock City.

Designed for those who value connection, adventure, and elevated comfort without losing the essence of the Playa.

If this feels like your tribe, we’d love to meet you."	30	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	MOOP, supply management, participation in all camp activities 	Helping, cooking, cleaning 	No	Guadalajara, México. New York City 	
The Club	theclubcamp@gmail.com	https://www.theclub.camp	The Club is a playful space in Black Rock City centered around a Joker-run casino, where blackjack and roulette become interactive games that bring strangers together, make them laugh, and pull them into the show. Together, we’re creating a shared playa space with shade, a lounge, bar, fire pit, kitchen, and casino where we can gather, host, play, rest, and bring our weird little gift to the city.	20	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	2 shifts across, game tent, kitchen, build week, DJ, maintenance.	$1000. Dues help cover shared camp costs like meals, shade, kitchen, power/fuel, lighting, decor, games, lounge setup, safety supplies, transportation, and logistics.	Yes	New York City	
The Fluffy Cloud	Campers@thefluffycloud.org	https://www.thefluffycloud.org/fluffy-burningman-camp-2026	Check out our application link! Has all the info!	100	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Cost share and 6-8 hours of shifts during week	$2500 or below depending on group size and other details. Dues covered shared costs of camp and gift. 	Maybe	Worldwide	
The HeeBeeGeeBee Healers	shanalory@hotmail.com	https://www.heebeegeebeehealers.org/	The HeeBeeGeeBee Healers have been Black Rock City's grounded, healing oasis since 2000. We offer healing services such as massage, energy work, coaching, and talk therapy on Tuesday through Friday, and have ongoing workshops in our Classroom tent all day on topics related to healing, connection, and  personal development.	75	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	All campers volunteer for three hours per day (with one full day off) in one of four Circles: Healing Circle - offer 3 hours of healing services per day; Fairy/Greeter Circle - welcome our visitors and help orient them to our services and workshops for 3 hours per day; Kitchen Circle - prepare, serve and clean up for one meal (3 hours) per day; and Infrastructure - help maintain our camp's structural integrity and deal with trash and recycling for 3 hours per day.	$675 which goes toward three meals per day and snacks, all your water needs, and one shower per day (except in cases of weather or resource emergency). We also provide a shade structure that goes over all individual camper tents, and multiple shaded areas to hang out in.	Maybe	San Francisco, Boulder, New York City, Vancouver, Reno, Washington D.C.	
The Lost Penguins	thelostpenguinscamp@gmail.com	https://thelostpenguins.com	The Lost Penguins is a hospitality camp and we are celebrating our 25th anniversary this year. We are open from 11am to 2am. We serve snow cones, licorice, dark chocolate, penguin pee (vodka & lemonade), virgin lemonade, cold water, live and DJ music, a large, shaded space, and a cuddle puddle. We are an international camp, and this year we represent nine countries. Stop by for a visit, or send us a message to know more.	120	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Four easy volunteer work shifts. For example, kitchen, snow cones, bar, cafe host, LNT, ice run. Roughly 2-3 hour shifts.	$385 per person -- daily breakfast & dinner, camp water, camp shower w/hot water, Starlink access, RV & tent space; power & pump-outs extra.	No	San Francisco bay area, several states within the U.S., Vancouver, Toronto, Mexico City... more	
The makers space	Art		We are an art support camp we will be doing classes for our members and artists as well as helping install art.	30	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Each member with have camp shifts and also help install art	500 pays for water and waste. Dinner each night	Maybe	Nevada  idaho  Oregon 	
The Sultry Lodge	sultry.lodge@gmail.com	https://www.facebook.com/sultry.lodge/	A sultry crowd from 5 countries. We speak English, German, Russian, Spanish. If you want to be friends with your camp mates, not just share facilities, get in touch.		Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Help set-up and tear-down, 3h help with activities, keep the camp tidy. Optional: Build, Load/unload truck (Seattle).	$550. All common structures (living quarters, public pavilion, kitchen, shower); Truck rent + gas; Storage of everything through the year; Supplies for interactivities; Trash disposal; Gas for Power.	Maybe	Seattle area	
Twilight Language	michaelanthonyciulla@gmail.com	https://thetwilightlanguage.org	"A collective of creators on a mission to realize visual art and cultivate energy around it. Bold,
interactive, innovative, novel—or maybe it’s just the world’s best pizza party."	60-80	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Shifts—for everyone—run on a point system(Less desirable shifts garner more points)	Shade camping (with strike): $800 — includes all camp services and participation in post- event strike, Shade camping (without strike): $1200 — for campmates opting out of the tear-down, RV space: $5,000 per RV, covering up to three people per RV (strike penalty does not apply to RV campers we encourage you to participate in the strike, but do understand RV rental timelines)	Maybe	Bay Area, Los Angeles	
U.F.O.	lucero.jarrett@gmail.com	https://forms.gle/YXXhJhVjAXNfS6ZE6	U.F.O. is an oasis by day to pamper yourself and relax in a cozy, shaded environment with great music. At night we turn up the bass and the fire. Lots of personality.	We are aiming to have 30-45 campers and have room for new faces this year!	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	"Our signature events are: fire archery on Tuesday and Thursday night (exactly what it sounds like), and our big spa day on Wednesday (several hours of music, frozé, treats, ice cold face masks, etc to treat weary participants with joy).

Would ask for help on Spa day and 1-2 other shifts throughout the week including a fairly easy tidying up the camp shift. 

In addition dues cover a strike deposit and we ask that you help with strike (this is our most effective way to ensure everyone helps out).

Also we have power for everything but AC and water for cooking and drinking all event but not enough for dedicated showers. "	$450 + $150 strike deposit that gets refunded. Dues to towards all of the awesome shade structure, futons, sound system for our rotating DJs to play on, communal kitchen (gas stove, pizza ovens, multiple fridges and deep freezers powered by generators). It also goes towards acquiring a large amount of new shade structure for the camper portion to keep everyone cool. Happy to chat more details!	Maybe	Bay Area, Seattle, Portland, Denver, Houston	
VICE	Brcvice@gmail.com	https://www.facebook.com/groups/111107568995459/	We are the oldest queer camp (primarily gay-identifying) on the playa, having provided ice cold Vietnamese Iced Coffee Experiences (VICE) for almost 24 yrs! We’re an all-inclusive, low-frills camp with minimal duties (two 4-hr volunteer shits), low dues, and max welcoming atmosphere, right in the middle of the queerborhood.	70-75	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Everyone is expected to pick up two volunteer shifts (4 hrs each), of which one is coffee or tea service, and to support in camp breakdown. Other than that we expect people to be welcoming and supportive :)	$200 – goes to coffee supplies, frontage, one communal camp dinner, transporting camp materials	No	SF, New York, LA	
Waffles & House 	Info@wafflecamp.com	www.wafflecamp.com	A syrupy-sweet crew of burners who serve up hot waffles, cold cocktails , bumping house music, and memories to last a lifetime.	120	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Everyone does three shifts- 1 waffle or bartending shift , 1 dinner shift, and 1 WaffOlympics shift! It’s technically not a “shift”, but everyone in camp has to participate in a day of striking camp at the end of the week and making sure our plot is fully picked clean of all MOOP! 	Our dues are sliding scale, but the base dues are $995. If you can pay more, the extra money goes to our scholarship fund, which helps campers who cannot pay the 995 in full. All camp dues goes to cover the cost of our amenities, their storage, and transport. 	Yes	We are mostly based in the SF Bay Area, LA, and NYC! But we have waffles living all over the USA and internationally! We gather together for fun events not infrequently! Come join the family! 	
Wild Child	rikkicarman@gmail.com	https://www.instagram.com/wildchildbm	Wild Circus humans bringing an epic apparatus 6:00 A we love to perform and party 🔥	14	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	We keep our duties minimal but you are expected to help and bring good vibes when you can	Free this year - if you help us build and tear down	Yes	Bali, Phoenix, Vegas	
Witche's Brew	dragonhooch420@gmail.com		we are witches brew, we offer tea cnad coffee service to black rock city, as well as hosting pyro coven and a nightly performance area	20		Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp, N/A	Individuals supply themselves, Communalized by camp		100$ per person to operate camp infrastructure and the coffee service	Maybe	Tulsa Oklahoma & Las Vegas nevada	
Word Play Cafe	letsplay@wordplaycafe.org	https://wordplaycafe.org/	"Word Play Cafe is the space at Burning Man dedicated entirely to word games for people to gather, play and learn together. We have a 30 foot dome where we host our custom and classic favorite word games and word game events. We have a small, inclusive camp.

Some of our camp mates have been coming to burning man for a very long time and some are newer. Some volunteer in other organizations across burning man, others volunteer exclusively with Word Play Cafe. We are folks of different ages, backgrounds, and skills, and together we share a love of word games, whimsy, and sharing this fun with the burning man community. Our camp is located in a hub with the BLD that hosts the Swiss Space Bar and Shots Fired Coffee. While the focus of our camp is Word Play Cafe, we benefit from the resources of the greater hub and contribute to it as well. 

All members of our camp who do at least 2 volunteer shifts in the dome receive a Word Play Cafe t-shirt or other piece of awesome swag. "	14	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	"Campmates help with build and/or strike and daily mooping of the camp and Word Play Cafe. Campers do shifts in the dome where they hand out games, play with visitors or help run events. In 2026, our hours will be Monday-Friday, 10am - 4pm and we expect camp mates to work at least 2 three hour shifts. Responsibilities for dome shifts can vary among camp mates based on other contributions to the camp and hub, and other unique factors. Campmates are expected to be respectful of others and help keep communal spaces clean and tidy. 

We occasionally bring Word Play Cafe out into the city - these are optional activities and may or may not be scheduled. There is a lot of room for creativity and contribution. In addition to the work we do on playa, we create games and puzzles during the year to bring to the event, and you are welcome to participate in that if it’s your idea of fun. 
"	~$200: Water, greywater, portos, solar power	Maybe	SF Bay Area & Atlanta	
XUZA camp	Camp@xuzaartcar.com	https://forms.gle/6GFjXPKzAAidVmNT7	"XUZA is a long-running mutant vehicle camp built around bringing music, immersive visuals, flame effects, and connection to Black Rock City. Our campmates help create and operate an interactive art experience that takes XUZA out into the city and deep playa to share with everyone who finds us. We welcome first-time Burners and love watching that transition unfold throughout the week. Campmates who DJ in the default world will be scheduled deck time on XUZA during the week, while everyone has opportunities to be involved in the build, operations, art, support crew, and the moments we create for BRC.
Being part of XUZA means helping offer one of the greatest gifts on playa: unexpected music, spectacle, and shared energy from a truly iconic mutant vehicle. Campmates also get to experience Black Rock City in a whole different way as XUZA moves through the city and deep playa. As an art support camp, we do not bring the party home, which allows for quiet time and much-needed sleep between outings. More details are available in our online enrollment form"	30-45	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Communalized by camp	Communalized by camp	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	Individuals supply themselves	"Everyone is expected to be on constant MOOP patrol and leave every space better than they found it. General camp housekeeping is a shared responsibility. The maid is dead.
Campmates will also be expected to volunteer for scheduled shifts on XUZA during the week, helping with setup, breakdown, crew support, safety, and keeping the experience running smoothly for Black Rock City"	We call camp dues the SIF, or Shared Infrastructure Fee. The 2026 SIF is $500 per person and goes directly toward the logistical and operational costs of camp infrastructure and running XUZA for the week, including fuel and propane for the flame effects.	Maybe	Las Vegas, Miami, New York
